Clarify requirements for setting up an Airspeed sensor on a new build (#4180)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: plane/source/docs/plane-configuration-landing-page.rst

   may also choose to :ref:`Configure Optional Hardware <common-optional-hardware>` including battery monitor, sonar,
   airspeed sensor, optical flow, OSD, camera gimbal, antenna tracker
   etc.
   

> .. note:: Airspeed sensor defaults to MS4525. If you don't have an Airspeed sensor or don't have an MS4525 then it's probably a good idea to at least check the settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::  :ref:`ARSPD_TYPE<ARSPD_TYPE>`  defaults to MS4525. If you don't have an Airspeed sensor or don't have an MS4525 then you should change it and other airspeed related parameters, appropriately.
```
